. Implemented a high-performance caching solution for PrivateDNS using CoreDNS and Redis, achieving a 5x improvement in query throughput
. Developed Terraform modules and SDKs for customers to easily deploy and manage PrivateDNS configurations, streamlining deployment processes and improving user experience.
. Took ownership of bringing PrivateDNS services online in newly constructed MZR data centers
. Automated resolution for 35+ recurring PagerDuty alert types using Python, and documented standardized runbooks for team-wide troubleshooting.
. Managed service deployments, vulnerability remediation, customer inquiries and appliance rollouts using Docker, Kubernetes, travis CI and jenkins.
. Conducted extensive work in monitoring DNS metrics and enhancing observability using Sysdig in VPN and DNS services.



. Automate PCE (Public Cloud Exceptions) look-up for a given service listed in a given exceptions repository and report on given notification channels for any open PCEs over a configurable interval. Also, alert when a PCE is due within one month
. Implementing DevOps CI/CD pipeline using git, maven, Jenkins, ansible, docker, and Kubernetes.

------------------



in memory, redis

. 5 times throughput  - dns queries per second


. 

. tooking up ownership of bringing up private dns service in newwly built mzr data center


. pythn scripting to auto resolve and self healing of various pager duty incidents decreasing time for resolving and documenting runbooks describing resolving steps
. runbooks



docker, k8s, travis for ci and jenkins for cd


maintenance of infrastructure regular operations updates, fixing vulneribilites
Managed service deployments,fixing vulneribilites, customer inquiries using docker,k8s and travis and appliance rollouts (jenkins).




. Contributed to enhancing the reliability, scalability, and
performance of PrivateDNS services.




i had worked as an  network sre enginner in services like Pdns and vpn majorly and also focused cis, load balancer and transit gateway






Developed and executed automation solutions, resolving performance issues (including caching enhancements).



Successfully deployed IBM Cloud Private DNS, accounting for key dependencies and provisioning items in a new MZR.



Conducted extensive work in monitoring DNS metrics and enhancing observability using Sysdig in VPN and DNS services.


Sandeep A D
sandeepad3110@gmail.com +44 7979464251 Nottingham, England sandeepabbu
Profile
Passionate about leveraging my years of experience in
IBM Cloud, coupled with a degree in Information
Science/Technology, to drive innovative DevOps
strategies and create efficient, secure, and cutting-edge
cloud solutions. My fervent enthusiasm for cloud
technologies fuels my commitment to staying at the
forefront of industry advancements and continuously
refining my skills for the ever-evolving cloud
landscape.
Education
MSc in Cloud and Enterprise Computing
Nottingham Trent University
Nottingham, England
Bachelor of Engineering in Information Science
and Technology
Ramaiah Institute of Technology
Bangalore, India
Technical Skills

Programming Languages
Python, Java, Go lang
Database Systems
MySQL, MongoDB, Firebase, Cloudant and Redis
systems
Source Control and Project Management
GIT, JIRA
DevOps and SRE
Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform and Ansible
CI/CD
Jenkins, Travis CI
Cloud Computing
IBM Cloud and AWS Cloud
Professional Experience

Infinite Computer Solutions India Ltd
Network SRE Engineer in IBM Cloud Services primarily
Private DNS and VPN and other services like CIS, Load
Balancer and Transit Gateway
09/2021 – 08/2023
. Implemented a high-performance caching solution
for PrivateDNS using CoreDNS and Redis, achieving a
5x improvement in query throughput.
. Took ownership of bringing PrivateDNS services
online in newly constructed MZR data centers.
. Developed Terraform modules and SDKs for
customers to easily deploy and manage PrivateDNS
configurations, streamlining deployment processes and
improving user experience.
. Automated resolution for 35+ recurring PagerDuty
alert types using Python, and documented
standardized runbooks for team-wide troubleshooting.
. Managed service deployments, vulnerability
remediation, customer inquiries and appliance rollouts
using Docker, Kubernetes, Travis CI and jenkins.
. Conducted extensive work in monitoring DNS
metrics and enhancing observability using Sysdig in
VPN and DNS services.
Infinite Computer Solutions India Ltd
Software Engineer Intern
03/2021 – 08/2021
. Automate PCE (Public Cloud Exceptions) look-up
for a given service listed in a given exceptions
repository and report on given notification channels
for any open PCEs over a configurable interval. Also,
alert when a PCE is due within onemonth.
. Implementing DevOps CI/CD pipeline using git,
maven,Jenkins, ansible, docker, and Kubernetes.
Certificates
IBM - Beyond the Basics: Istion and IBM Cloud
Kubernetes Service
IBM - Building Cloud-Native and Multicloud
Applications
IBM - Operating Kubernetes on IBM Cloud
Qwiklabs - GCP Essentials
NPTEL certificate Object Oriented Programming and
Data Structures in C++


---------------------------------

why the candidate is right fit for google?