# Sunday, April 20 2025

## Tasks

## Journal
- woke up around 8.40ish and finished with food and stuff and started around 9.15
- focused till 1.40 pm
- from there till 4.40 it was kitchne and eating
- started again but this time not much focus was involved as the topic was tough to grasp 
- so started with resume correction from 5.45 till 7.10
- then recieved a call from darunya which lastil till 8.30
- here thought of having a session of 4 hrs so did the deed and started around 9ish
- tried with couple of videos but as it went further the concept was tough to grasp
- gave up around 10.30. hopeful morning session could make ways for something

- need to find a way to learn the concept as its needed for interviews
- finish this by tomorrw noon and start with trees
- doing haphazard way as i need to progress. cant sit at one place as there are lot of topics to cover and have very less time

- need to give my all to finish stacks and queues tomorrw. take it as a challenge and nail it


## notes

• Site Reliability Engineering (SRE): Analyzed and resolved customer escalations related to the Virtual Private
Network (VPN) on IBM Cloud. Responsible for addressing and resolving on-call issues in PagerDuty.
• API Analysis: Analyzed APls supported by the Virtual Private Network on IBM Cloud to ensure proper
functionality and integration.




• Automation: Automated daily tasks such as evidence collection, log fetching, and database backup for alerts and customer escalations using
Python, significantly reducing manual effort and improving efficiency and documented standardized runbooks for team-wide troubleshooting.
• Sysdig Alerts: Created alerts mechanism using Sysdig for both DNS and VPN to monitor unscheduled downtime of programs, containers, and hosts in the
infrastructure.
• Performance Testing: Tested the performance of VPN IBM Cloud data flow speed using the iperf tool,
monitored data speed with Grafana, and wrote Terraform scripts to set up the infrastructure for performance
testing.


Built real-time infrastructure monitoring (Sysdig alerts for downtime) and DNS observability (Prometheus metrics for queries/latency), reducing logging costs 90%


Benchmarked and tuned DNS and VPN infrastructure throughput and latency using iperf, visualized metrics via Grafana dashboards, and automated test infrastructure deployment with Terraform.

Automated resolution for 35+ recurring PD alert types(DNS and VPN) using Python,


Cut manual toil by 50% via Python automation for evidence collection, logs fetching, DB backups and improved team MTTR through standardized documented runbooks.